Dare to forgive my life, my lord, dare to forgive my life
I knew it was you who framed me
Governor
Please spare my life
You almost killed two people
Still want to live
Press down and ask for execution after autumn
No, no.
Lord Chen, Lord Chen, save me
I give you so many hire notes every day
Save me, Mr. Chen is ridiculous
Mantis trap
How could it be possible to say that you are bribing
Why don't you hurry up and press it down?
No! I don't want to die!
Lord Wang, please don't believe his nonsense.
Nonsense
I will naturally investigate
Two uncles
Since this matter has been investigated clearly
If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave
And so forth.